math/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Math
sidebar_link: true
sidebar_sort_order: 1
---

In an effort to begin going through my sizable math book collection, I will post 
self-contained lecture notes (with accompanying [video lectures](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPxEP_IWPezOlK1WiQzO8tA){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}). 
The goal is so that anyone with the necessary prerequisites should be able to self-study from these notes. 

The inspiration for this undertaking comes from 
[Paul's online lecture notes](https://tutorial.math.lamar.edu){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}.
Paul's notes have been monumentally helpful for students such as myself going through
their lower-division calculus sequence. In turn, I hope that these notes are able to help
someone out there. 

*Note:* These notes are solely of my creation and as such, may contain errors. If you notice
any mistakes in my notes, please contact me via email: 

<p style="text-align: center;"><i>(my first name)@khangtong.com</i></p>

Below are all the in-progress and completed lecture notes I've created:

---

[Geometry](geometry) *(in progress)* - Picking up right where high school left off, learn about the beautiful world of geometry through a Kleinian view. 

Introduction to Probability with Applications *(planned)* - A rigorous yet approachable introduction to probability theory.

Intermediate Linear Algebra *(planned)* - A second year course in Linear Algebra. Can also serve as an advanced first exposure to the subject.

Mathematical Statistics *(planned)* - An *exciting* introduction to the world of mathematical statistics with interesting examples.

Advanced Calculus *(planned)* - Going beyond what is traditionally taught in a lower-division calculus sequence, we will explore additional topics in calculus. For completeness, these notes can also be used to supplement a traditional calculus course.

Complex Analysis *(planned)* - What could be cooler than calculus with imaginary numbers?

Commit message:

started work on probability course and added ross solutions

math/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Math
sidebar_link: true
sidebar_sort_order: 1
---

In an effort to begin going through my sizable math book collection, I will post 
self-contained lecture notes (with accompanying [video lectures](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCPxEP_IWPezOlK1WiQzO8tA){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}). 
The goal is so that anyone with the necessary prerequisites should be able to self-study from these notes. 

The inspiration for this undertaking comes from 
[Paul's online lecture notes](https://tutorial.math.lamar.edu){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}.
Paul's notes have been monumentally helpful for students such as myself going through
their lower-division calculus sequence. In turn, I hope that these notes are able to help
someone out there. 

*Note:* These notes are solely of my creation and as such, may contain errors. If you notice
any mistakes in my notes, please contact me via email: 

<p style="text-align: center;"><i>(my first name)@khangtong.com</i></p>

Below are all the in-progress and completed lecture notes I've created:

---

[Introduction to Probability with Applications](intro-probability) *(in progress)* - A rigorous yet approachable introduction to probability theory.

[Geometry](geometry) *(in progress)* - Picking up right where high school left off, learn about the beautiful world of geometry through a Kleinian view. 

Intermediate Linear Algebra *(planned)* - A second year course in Linear Algebra. Can also serve as an advanced first exposure to the subject.

Mathematical Statistics *(planned)* - An *exciting* introduction to the world of mathematical statistics with interesting examples.

Advanced Calculus *(planned)* - Going beyond what is traditionally taught in a lower-division calculus sequence, we will explore additional topics in calculus. For completeness, these notes can also be used to supplement a traditional calculus course.

Complex Analysis *(planned)* - What could be cooler than calculus with imaginary numbers?

---

## Textbook Solutions

Below is a collection of my worked out solutions to textbook exercises to aid in self-study. Use at your own risk as there's likely to be mistakes.

[Ross, Kenneth A. Elementary Analysis: The Theory of Calculus](solutions/ross-elementary-analysis-solutions.pdf){:target="_blank"} (very incomplete) *last updated: 3/14/21*
